DOC 2126: Writing a CorDapp using a template tutorials rewrite (#483)
corda/corda-docs: content/en/docs/corda-os/4.8/tut-two-party-flow.md

- tut
- party
- flow
title: Update the flow
---

# Update the flow

After you have written the contract and defined any necessary constraints, as described in the [Write the contract](tut-two-party-contract.md) section, you now need to update your flow to achieve three things:

> * Verify that the transaction proposal you build fulfills the `IOUContract` constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify that the transaction proposal you built fulfills the `IOUContract` constraints.
```

Author: updated

* Update the lender’s side of the flow to request the borrower’s signature.
* Create a response flow for the borrower that responds to the signature request from the lender.

To do this, modify the flow that you created earlier as part of [Write the flow](write-the-flow.md).

## Outcome

> The following code shows how the updated part of IOUFlow file should look like after applying all the changes described later in this document:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code shows how the updated part of `IOUFlow` file should look after applying all changes described later in this document:
```

> The following code shows how the updated part of IOUFlow file should look like after applying all the changes described later in this document:

Reviewer 2: Similar to the above suggestion:

```suggestion
After you have followed all the steps, your IOUFlow file will look like this:
```

Author: Already applied Taylor's changes.
